Add chore template (#570)
buildpacks/pack: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/chore.md

---
name: Chore

> about: Suggest a chore that will help contributors and/or developers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Suggest a chore that will help contributors and doesn't affect end users.
```

IMO contributors already encompasses developers. 

Also, I'd like to clarify that this type of issue should not impact end users.
